README.rst, before:


==========
super-repo
==========

**A template repo to test and document elements and features for research software.**

.. list-table::
   :widths: auto

   * - License
     - |badge_license|
   * - Documentation
     - 
   * - Publication
     - 
   * - Development
     - |badge_issue_open| |badge_issue_closes| |badge_pr_open| |badge_pr_closes|
   * - Community
     - |badge_contributing| |badge_contributors| |badge_repo_counts|

.. contents::
    :depth: 2
    :local:
    :backlinks: top

Introduction
============
| A template repo to test and document elements and features for research software.
| It implements the collection of repository elements collected in this `Etherpad <https://etherpad.wikimedia.org/p/super-repo>`_.
| The goal is to simplify and standardise the creation of software in GitHub repositories.

Documentation
=============
Documentation is in `sphinx
<http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/stable/>`_ reStructuredText format 
in the ``doc`` sub-folder of the repository.


Collaboration
=============
| Everyone is invited to develop this repository with good intentions.
| Please follow the workflow described in the `CONTRIBUTING.md <CONTRIBUTING.md>`_.

License and Citation
====================
| The code is licensed under the **MIT License** (MIT).
| See `LICENSE.txt <LICENSE.txt>`_ for further information.
| Copyright: `© Reiner Lemoine Institut <https://reiner-lemoine-institut.de/>`_


.. |badge_license| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/license/rl-institut/super-repo
    :target: LICENSE.txt
    :alt: License

.. |badge_contributing| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat
    :alt: contributions

.. |badge_repo_counts| image:: http://hits.dwyl.com/rl-institut/super-repo.svg
    :alt: counter

.. |badge_contributors| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-1-orange.svg?style=flat-square
    :alt: contributors

.. |badge_issue_open| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/rl-institut/super-repo
    :alt: open issues

.. |badge_issue_closes| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/rl-institut/super-repo
    :alt: closes issues

.. |badge_pr_open| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-raw/rl-institut/super-repo
    :alt: closes issues

.. |badge_pr_closes| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed-raw/rl-institut/super-repo
    :alt: closes issues

Commit message:

Update License and Citation in README #8

README.rst, after:


==========
super-repo
==========

**A template repo to test and document elements and features for research software.**

.. list-table::
   :widths: auto

   * - License
     - |badge_license|
   * - Documentation
     - 
   * - Publication
     - 
   * - Development
     - |badge_issue_open| |badge_issue_closes| |badge_pr_open| |badge_pr_closes|
   * - Community
     - |badge_contributing| |badge_contributors| |badge_repo_counts|

.. contents::
    :depth: 2
    :local:
    :backlinks: top

Introduction
============
| A template repo to test and document elements and features for research software.
| It implements the collection of repository elements collected in this `Etherpad <https://etherpad.wikimedia.org/p/super-repo>`_.
| The goal is to simplify and standardise the creation of software in GitHub repositories.

Documentation
=============
Documentation is in `sphinx
<http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/stable/>`_ reStructuredText format 
in the ``doc`` sub-folder of the repository.


Collaboration
=============
| Everyone is invited to develop this repository with good intentions.
| Please follow the workflow described in the `CONTRIBUTING.md <CONTRIBUTING.md>`_.

License and Citation
====================
| The code of this repository is licensed under the **MIT License** (MIT).
| See `LICENSE.txt <LICENSE.txt>`_ for rights and obligations.
| See the *Cite this repository* function or `CITATION.cff <CITATION.cff>`_ for citation of this repository.
| Copyright: `super-repo <https://github.com/rl-institut/super-repo/>`_`© Reiner Lemoine Institut <https://reiner-lemoine-institut.de/>`_ | `MIT <LICENSE.txt>`_


.. |badge_license| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/license/rl-institut/super-repo
    :target: LICENSE.txt
    :alt: License

.. |badge_contributing| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/contributions-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat
    :alt: contributions

.. |badge_repo_counts| image:: http://hits.dwyl.com/rl-institut/super-repo.svg
    :alt: counter

.. |badge_contributors| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-1-orange.svg?style=flat-square
    :alt: contributors

.. |badge_issue_open| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-raw/rl-institut/super-repo
    :alt: open issues

.. |badge_issue_closes| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed-raw/rl-institut/super-repo
    :alt: closes issues

.. |badge_pr_open| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-raw/rl-institut/super-repo
    :alt: closes issues

.. |badge_pr_closes| image:: https://img.shields.io/github/issues-pr-closed-raw/rl-institut/super-repo
    :alt: closes issues
